Update cell.rst (#2318)
arbor-sim/arbor: doc/concepts/cell.rst

    =============================  ===========================================  ===========================================================
    .. generic:: gid               integral                                     The unique global identifier of a cell.
    .. generic:: tag               string                                       The label of a group of items in a cell-local collection.

>                                                                                 For example, the synapse "syns_0" on a cell.

Reviewer: A label might refer to more than a single synapse (item in general). Maybe this is clearer?
```suggestion
                                                                                For example, the synapses labelled ``"syns_0"`` on a cell.
```
